# [Data](https://github.com/nikahmadz/Blogger-Template-Documentation/blob/master/data.md)
## data:messages
```
messages.adsGoHere: Ads go here
messages.authorSaid: %1 said…
messages.authorSaidWithLink: %1 said…
messages.archive: Archive
messages.home: Home
messages.posts: Posts
messages.moreEllipsis: More…
messages.older: Older
messages.oldest: Oldest
messages.olderPosts: Older Posts
messages.newer: Newer
messages.newest: Newest
messages.newerPosts: Newer Posts
messages.morePosts: More posts
messages.comments: Comments
messages.postAComment: Post a Comment
messages.deleteComment: Delete Comment
messages.showAll: Show all
messages.subscribeTo: Subscribe to:
messages.visitProfile: Visit profile
```
